feat: add defineUtility, update utilities and clean plugins (#92)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/core/define-utility.mdx

---
title: defineUtility
description: Allows defining a type-safe function requiring all the params of a given hook.
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Allows defining a type-safe function requiring all the params of a given hook.

```ts title="package/src/utilities/inject-dev-route.ts"
import type { InjectedRoute } from "astro";
import { defineUtility } from "astro-integration-kit";

export const injectDevRoute = defineUtility("astro:config:setup")(
	({ command, injectRoute }, injectedRoute: InjectedRoute) => {
		if (command === "dev") {
			injectRoute(injectedRoute);
		}
	},
);
```

## Usage

> Even though the synatx looks a bit scary, it's actually simple!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though the syntax looks a bit scary, it's actually very simple!
```
